fresh tracks right here
there's another one right there look at
that wow
that's a good one here's a nice paw
print right here
it's big but it's not huge you know a
full-grown adult will be a bit bigger
about the size of
the middle of my hand so it's a teenager
he's been walking right here
that's a pretty good span between
footprints
yeah he's
pretty good size though he's not little
we have a puma there's a puma
right here
he's just came out of woods okay he's
walking along the edge
there he is wow
he's right there huh he's looking
nobody move everybody stays still
there he is right there he's walking in
the brush
what's amazing is he's not making any
sound at all i can't hear him at all
god i mean he's an absolute silent
hunter
pumas are at their most dangerous when
they haven't eaten for several days
he's hungry and he's looking for a meal
so i really gotta be careful right now
the last thing i need to do is act like
a prey animal under no circumstances can
i run
that's the worst thing to do the thing
is you don't hear boomer coming
if you're lucky you see it
should it choose to this puma is more
than capable of killing a fully grown
man
[Music]
don't run don't run
he will attack you
he's just staring
wow god
you know this is the top predator and to
be able to watch him walk out of the
woods
look right at me and not care at all
or he's walking away
that is the most elegant predator i've
ever seen
what an incredible animal god
no the dark doesn't belong to us it
belongs to the pumas
with hearing and smell and vision like
his
he really is the king of the dark
[Music]
[Applause]
you